NAME:
	INSTALL

PURPOSE:
	This file provides general instructions to install the 2stream package.
	The package is composed of 3 executables: 2stream and Simple2stream
	are written with the C language whereas Simple2streamF demands a Fortran90
	compiler.

MECHANISM:
	The 2stream package is a small project in the sense that it does not 
	involve more than 20 source code files. The installation mechanism is
	hence very simple and only uses the make executable (usually available
	on all UNIX/Linux platform) and no other specific tools are needed.
	The C compiler should be recent enough and should implement some of the
	features of the so-called C99 norm (the strtof() routine in the standard
	library, the const specifier,... ). These rather new functionalities are
	however only needed in compiling srcC/interf.c.
	No advanced features are used for the F90 routines and any compiler 
	should work.

CONFIGURATION:
        Some variables can be set in the header of the makefile (e.g. the 
	path to the compilers and their flags). Examples for Linux using gcc is
	already included.

INSTRUCTION:
	In the package's directory, type at the command prompt:
	[:prompt:] make
	This should create the 2stream and Simple2stream C executables in the bin
	directory, ready to be used.
	If you are interested in the Fortran executable:
	[:prompt:] make Fexec
	This should create the Simple2streamF Fortran90 executable in the bin directory.
	
	To test the installation step went smoothly, you can execute the
	executable with defaults parameters:
	[:prompt:] ./bin/2stream
	[:prompt:] ./bin/Simple2stream
	[:prompt:] ./bin/Simple2streamF

TROUBLE-SHOOTING:
	1) If necessary, the compiler flags should include those to specify that
	   the C source codes should be compiled with the C99 extensions of
	   the language. For example, with the Gnu Compiler Collection, the 
	   --std=c99 should be on the command line for compiling interf.c
	2) As for the Fortran routines, they use the free-form format of f90. Some
	   compilers need a specific flag to use this free format.

HELPING US:
	The installation procedure is known to be one of the weakest part of the 2stream 
	package. Please do not hesitate to contact us with ideas or solutions
	to problems you encountered in building this package so that we can enhance
	future versions.
